hey guys rich with rich rebuilds here
and as you all know my email address is
public and I get a lot of questions from
people covering all kinds of random
topics and the top questions I get are
can you build me a Tesla where are you
gonna finish the cyber quad and the
number one question I still get to this
day is how fat is your wife but of all
my messages the most moving one was in
an email I got from a woman named
Jessica who owns a Tesla Model 3 now
after reading this email I want to give
my sincerest apology to Tesla owners I
know over the last several years I've
been harsh in them and I never knew the
error of my ways until I got into the
mind of a model 3 owner hi rich this is
Jessica and I represent a very large
model three owners group we recently
heard you were considering buying a gas
car and I wanted you to strongly
reconsider this they're terrible for the
earth and as Tesla owners we love our
earth
[Music]
we love our nature our planet our
planets the only one we have and the
internal combustion engine is archaic
updated it smells and it's driving the
death out of our planet without trees
how can we enjoy nature like we are now
I'm part of the earth we are part of the
earth we are Gaia mother of all life
before you think about getting a
gas-powered car please think about the
planet because we think about our planet
every day please reconsider love Jessica
our Mother Earth and Moon Moon the
spirit Jessica that was very heartfelt
thank you very much for shaming me from
my personal preferences on the cars that
I Drive you are a true spirit of Tesla
ownership and if I learned anything from
this it's that I need to get rid of one
of my Tesla's and release them into the
wild so Gaia can reclaim her and in
order to do that I whipped out my phone
scan the play with my handy dandy eBay
Motors app and then I listed the
$100,000 electric car that's destined to
save the planet and immediately started
scanning for the next big thing I heard
the second week of June eBay is giving
away $100 when someone buys any car on
the eBay app so I got really excited to
see what's out there now I learned my
lesson from all the Craigslist and
Facebook marketplace weirdos that'll
sell me a car if they couldn't see a
picture of my toes and I don't play
those games most of the time but I can
bid with confidence on eBay Motors
knowing they'll cover me up to a hundred
grand now I've been looking at other
cars and I noticed that the app even has
a chat section so you can slide into the
sellers DMS and make triple sure they
have supercharging enabled because you
know what it's like when you're on a
road trip and Tesla disables your super
charging ability and a hilarious random
lottery of failure so then I started
looking at this new car that's
generating a lot of hype from Porsche
that icon and when I saw the price I
immediately like a gazelle and the
southern him away --is but my boy
Stephen texts me a news article that
some person managed to crash at ican
after owning it for 36 hours it was
probably the first time in a
high-powered electric car the tour can
surprise many just like the lucky first
Tesla owners of all the lawsuits that
Tesla receive other cars mysteriously
accelerating on their own into solid
objects for no reason whatsoever
fascinating let's go hop in the car take
the 5 hour drive to check this thing out
alright boys
we're headed to see the Thai comment
right now the Porsche tygon and our
friends over at Copart in New Jersey
this is the world's first practical
we're having an in-depth look today and
see what this car is all about
it looks like the damaged little bit for
us originally think it says the primary
game is undercarriage damaged and as you
know at the take on the batteries went
underneath the car just like the Model S
so we're gonna see just how bad that
damage is and if there's a huge hit dent
rock or even puncture the battery
somehow I think it might potentially be
off limits happiest in my life man look
at the car that I've wanted for such a
long time and finally buddy this is it
right on this is the epitome of trash
this is like I yeah I get like you
probably have one you like it like this
there's no point in having one of these
cars and I say that because you could
buy one of these for ridiculous amount
of money or you could buy my Tesla Model
S for 20 grand that I have for sale
that's a more about that later
you open this car up the first I bet you
this car smells like black and milds
guarantee I bet you any money what kind
of air freshener is in this car
the green tree or the black tree I know
a black black straight the only way all
right I don't see anything
I think we're good so far the interior
reeks smells is that awkward preffer
ated plastic that's not really leather
but they try to make it look luxurious
but it's not this bizarre wood trim like
like for a luxury car for a Maserati
absolutely not absolutely not
look look oh well what's that say
exactly yeah but there's more black ice
in this car somewhere you think that's
because the correct yeah because a black
ice spray - no spray Oh told you man
obviously this person want some curb
hopping there look at bald tires huh
that's odd it's like how could this have
happened do you think they were racing
not this thing no these seats look like
Police Interceptor seats in the police
disciplic the vinyl hard plastic bags
anyone yeah no my friend told me has
been incarcerated several times when he
arrives at the back of a police car but
these hard plastic seats like that
because they're easy to wash down you
get a hose need just spray up all the
blood and semen from the criminals that
were back here now let's really talk
about the car that we came here for
today this car I've been sitting over as
you can say for a very long time
take him whatever you call it
this is to Ken an awesome looking car
and prayer admit Stephen in person this
car looks way better in person that it
does exponentially and look at the
brakes on this car you know look at the
brakes on this one compared to a
standard Tesla yes the tussle ones are
great they stop the car well but their
idea performance with painting them red
Porsche the front calipers the rear
calipers the front disc the rear discs
those are all cooled you could tell by
the cooling passages here and the hot
air exits the other side you can tell
they were completely track-focused
how this car will do against the the
plaid mode Ravin Tesla I'm not really
sure I kind of think that house is gonna
take the edge but I gotta say for a
first attempt Porsche oh my god
ten times out of ten if I had a hundred
grand right now no joke a hundred grand
right now what I choose this
what I choose a plaid mode fully-loaded
Tesla Model S Stephen I don't know man
this is a lot it doesn't do it doesn't
drive itself it doesn't have the
technology the tesla has but it's a mean
car and what I like about this is that
it's not a Tesla you don't have mean
like when I show up somewhere I'm not
just like everyone else this thing has a
friggin presence I imagine this thing
with nice set of wheels on it oh wow mmm
I know the person designed these wheels
is probably gonna watch this video you
should be pulled apart by four horses in
four different directions for sure for
the Ranger Mike gosh who's thinking of a
range when you have like 600 plus
horsepower
what do you range what are you a
peasant's get out of here it's just so
different the designs awesome the front
was like a frog I like frogs I like this
car the second thing I notice is
obviously the charge port this person
obviously doesn't have the expensive
charge port that you have to rub your
middle finger under to open how do you
do it you have to go at this that does
not work this one is the one for
peasants the same one that my i8 has it
had DC fast yeah it does so but the cool
thing about this one is that it has one
on this side and one of the other side
of Precure it's like your Model X door
see I don't want to break it look at
this wheel cheese these wheels in person
are a lot worse than I thought
I thought these were actually open
scopes but they're just black and they
look like they're multi-spoke but
they're not they're really an awkward
kind of five-spoke looking wheel I
thought these were kind of hollow that's
a wish a evil eel it's a yeah well you
know huge brakes l-look what the friggin
brakes on this thing massive brakes this
is a cooling-- - of some sort that was I
pinched what is that
that's definitely battery cooling for
sure but this is this is castles literal
competition you know and I think that
the way it looks it looks damn good
Stephen I mean it's very reminiscent
thankfully we have a Tesla Model S right
next door to compare it to this body
style and design
it makes the tassel updated it really
does Oh words fanboys you can cry all
you want you can run back to your
mommies run back to you little kids but
I'll tell you right now this does make
the model a slip dating the Model S came
out in 2012 that's an eight year old
design this is fresh this is new I think
Tussle did a great job
it still looks timeless it's still a
great looking design but the Porsche
does make it look dated one thing that
looks dated on this car is this
disgusting rear bumper I don't know
whose idea that was to have a piece of
rugged plastic stick out four inches
past the actual bumper that's a good one
dude I like the hole I do it's like the
electric board but they did a great job
with that
that looks cool the design cues are
awesome if there's one thing they can do
Porsche can design a freaking talk and I
talk a lot of crap to I thought that
this car looked very similar to the
Panamera but not really like there's
definitely design cutes they both share
but I will say that this one definitely
looks a lot better
after I opened the door I'm curious to
see how the car reacts because a lot of
Tesla's they won't even really let you
into the car if the battery's dead like
I wonder if I start pushing buttons on
the inside whether or not the confident
have any response but we're gonna see
soon right here the suspension looks in
check its air suspension
there's the leveler right here to tell
the car how high or how low the car sits
there's the front motor right here right
about here you see that there's a front
motor I'm curious to see how large that
is I wonder if we could actually open
this thing up and get some specs on that
maybe it says Tesla Debbie would that be
a plot twist and huh little did we know
a long time ago fun fact
poor proportion porsche reached out to
me to see if I had any large Tesla Drive
units for sale for some testing purposes
this is a long time ago when I was first
our rebuilding Dolores so obviously this
very well could be the end product of
that you know what I mean so I want to
say that I helped design and build this
car and foster this vehicle so you could
thank me in the comment section nice job
thank you you're welcome
Bart facing camera let's say there's a
radar sensor right there that's probably
for the active cruise control on this
side I really wonder how much this front
bumper would cost this is a State Farm
car I almost want to call State Farm and
I want to go down the list of the
insurance report to see hey look what
was wrecked on this vehicle and I think
they go send me a copy of it that way I
could break down and see what does a
course hike on front bumper go for and I
think honestly if you to buy this car
let's just say that you know you don't
have any money like me you couldn't
jerry-rigged this car back together like
a lot of this this is the side panels up
here that's obviously cosmetic you get a
roll of home depot of that uh what do
you call the roof shielding and you just
put that right here like a big rubber
you know what they do what are the civic
owners do again what they do is they go
you know the garage door gasket I'd want
a garage door closes it's the trim that
prevents air from coming into your
garage so you slap a thick beater that
right here you'll be all set same thing
with the fan that's still let's see that
dance though hey yeah that's that
doesn't really spin I might need a new
fan however you go to harbor fright
actually no in these trying times you
can't go to Harbor Freight anymore
because they're in the middle of a big
jack stand lawsuit so I don't know if I
would trust a Harbor Freight fan on
there I'd probably go for a Home Depot
fans to get more high end here you
really get a nice I will say this also
looks like a frog a little bit the model
three looks like a frog but this is the
the model three frog look at the Tyco on
it is also a frog but I like this frog
that's more like a toad this is like a
Brazilian tree frog of some sort some
exotic creature look
the coolant lines run they run on the
outside of the car which is very
interesting because in the Tesla Model S
remember there's a channel on the inside
of the Tesla Model S at the cooling
lines run through so then in the event
of a side collision which is obviously
very common
those things are protected so I'm it's
very interesting how they ran it on the
outside of the car you know on the
inside you see it before word they have
those thins it's the channel that builds
the external structure of the s the
coolant to run through there then
running them on the inside and also
literally having them right in the
fender if there's an issue with the
wheel you smack your rear wheel it goes
to the front and so you don't you marred
like that's very that's very close
obviously there's a kick panel on the
other side that protects a lot of that
but it's still it's it's still
interesting I'm not saying it's bad
obviously the engineers designed it they
know what they're doing but at the same
time you also have the accounts and the
penny-pinchers that say hey you know
what you have a budget do the same thing
but make it 5 bucks see this car at the
360 do you see cameras all around it I
wish Tesla had that yeah yeah it was a
Miss hop inside dude this seating
position do you feel this thing dude
this seating position in this car it's
actually kind of fresh you feel like
you're in like a spaceship of some sort
I wish a lot of these things turned out
have been really cool this has the Bose
audio people still have bose audio that
was going on here stephen the inside
this car is freaking nice to kind of
interesting how you have a touchscreen
controlling another touchscreen so you
use this touchscreen to control this
touchscreen up here when you could just
touch this one obviously you don't want
to stretch more than 2 inches to touch
something no but you could you could
easily touch that screen there I like
the waterfall a lower dash portion this
waterfall the first place I saw this was
on the old um of Volvo's was a Volvo
that had this where like did the the
bezel in the back was completely open I
don't know what the hell you're gonna
put in here you immediately want to say
to yourself you know what I want the air
vents to point on
but unfortunate they don't do that you
control these air vents and the way they
turn into the menu is that the model 3
but on the model 3 all you do is you
have a very thin bezel that the air just
kind of blows out like that bison fan
this one it it's purposeful and you have
the vents right there so initially you
would think to kind of just play with
them and I turn them on yourself but you
can't do that you have to go to the menu
settings and you have you have to push
buttons as to where you want the air to
come out and what direction it goes in
I'm the model 3 it makes more sense
because that designs a lot simpler on
this car I'm not hundred percent sure
this thin glass right here that's a
badass design one thing I don't really
like that much is this shaver right here
when it comes through the little dongle
to put it into drive neutral and reverse
it looks like that little thing that you
put on your neck you know in the
bathroom although the microphone no the
microphones that you use to you know
feel like Alicia Keys or something with
some kind of singer that's kind of a
weird thing but I like the fact that
when everything is off it's completely
black in a lot of cases you have cars
that have gauges that are just dim or
you have the analog gauges that are
still there when the car is off but when
everything's off in this car even when
everything's off the design looks
absolutely awesome cupholders let's see
oh this locked
are they preventing me from my natural
god-given right to get in here oh
there's a button right there it's there
black ice no no black ice no no they
have us BC that's good
but think of the future there's two USB
seaports in there and there's also a
12-volt in there too how do you like the
sea I like the seat
hugs yeah it's 42 cents you nice
bolsters I want I want to get in the
back and see what it's like back there
if you look here there's actually two
more USB charging slots back there too
and I also want to fold the rear seats
down but I want to see it's like in the
trunk I don't think people really go in
the trunk of a car right unless you're
done Yeah right pretty much it's a good
sound system it's a good sound system
but you know what you don't have to flex
like that come on yeah I will say that
the model 3 audio system believe it or
not it's I know it's a cheap car but
it's still one of the best audio systems
and they don't have to pass any logos on
it I I be I'd be shocked to see if this
system outperforms the system that I
hear in the Model S's and then the model
three so whatever it's good the back
seat it's uh it's snug back here dude I
mean granted yes this seat is pretty
much on all the way back but you could
tell like that leaving the bolsters on
each side they hug you it's not a lot of
room in these seats for error it was
very obvious that there was someone in
this back seat the seat likely detected
weight back here and it was able to
explode that airbag if you look right
here this seatbelt was totally tension
so someone was in in this specific seat
when the car was in an accident
back here there's also a really cool
touchscreen panel and I wonder it's the
same thing you really can't control what
comes out of what vent
I'm just manually at least you don't
have to go to the touchscreen system to
control that I don't like that all that
much I think it's kind of you know
you're not really intuitive but hey
whatever else what the future is going
let's see what's back here two more
cupholders no champagne or champagne
yeah the boot as they say it's a boot
yeah obviously I can't pull this out all
the way
it's nice and clean it's very small I
don't know how to define this car is
this car considered as a sport hatch
yeah it doesn't feel very roomy in this
car this is a very chintzy piece of
metal in there that I want to show you
guys it's not very it's extremely
chintzy look right there look at that
and it's not finished I don't know if
there was something there in the past
but it looks very yeah I mean it's like
huh how much is this car you
and now here's an exclusive look the
very first look underneath of course--it
icon take him whatever you call it this
this mesh and foam under undertones are
build a completely stripped all together
this would happy removed and I really
thorough announced the bottom of the car
it have to be done the radiator bracket
if you look at the bracket for the
radiators and the fan that's completely
torn off on this side the rim itself is
cracked or the wheel is cracked whatever
you call it these snobs lower control
arms on both sides are port that the
control I'm here is broken the spin that
spindles done this spindle is done on
this side those it the distance smoked
so you're gonna need a suspension on
both sides you will likely need a new
brake caliper as well on this side
because when that wheel got pushed in it
let they cause damage to that to that
caliber and it's a big chunk sticking
out of it there that will likely happy
replace maybe you could get away with
not replacing it if you're Sam crack
[Laughter]
that's gonna have to be done for sure I
love these plastics or toast again this
is cosmetic that fix that way when you
have some more money which would
probably won't cuz he spent all this
money buying the car in the first place
right here this reservoir I'm not sure
if that's windshield washer or not but
either way that's completely crushed
dude the horns are intact the
thank God the horns are fine it's a big
plus yeah that's a big class witness and
it almost seems like there might be a
smaller shell on the inside because I
could push this and actually remove this
metal so that might be the initial
casing whereas the Tesla Model S its
solid aluminum all the way through I can
tell this is much thinner looks like
this Allah this is cosmetic oh wow yeah
so there is so there's another level
yeah there we go so I was right look at
that this is the initial casing and I
feel like this is the actual casing for
the battery itself so I think the
batteries
there is some condensation in there so I
don't know what that means I don't know
if it was exposed to water I don't know
if that the batteries were generating so
much heat at the time
obviously when the car was moved to a
cooler temperature and condensation
formed but we don't really know we don't
really know windows been open we know
that yeah the world's been open I don't
really do a channel that directs right
to the battery some besides perhaps so I
don't really know if there is a gap in
between the top half of the battery I'm
pretty sure there's some trim that fell
out here but that is rubber so I'm not
really sure what what the plan was here
so maybe when the this door was open
water came down and actually slipped at
the top of the battery silly because it
looks like a trays in yeah that is not
great the cooling tubes the battery were
pinched we don't know how fast the
person was going we don't know if the
battery is overheated that's the over
the air suspension tank on this side
right here air suspension tank that got
a good scuff that has to be replaced for
sure and you got a wonder where a lot of
these cars are coming from coming
assuming this car might not share as
many parts as we think with the Panamera
even though they look pretty similar
this rim is there's a huge gouge in it
this room has to be replaced look at
that with control arm here that's split
so it looks like this car needs a
substan for suspension on all four sides
honestly like I've yet to see a car this
messed up where the all four sides are
messed up on this car I don't even know
what that is it looks like that's a
bracket that holds maybe an ECU of some
sort or some random harness I don't know
what's in there but I know these
connectors the is a bracket for those
cutters that's broke
- looks like it's connected to the air
balusters yeah and look there's some cut
wiring here I don't know what that does
but I mean this entire car have to be
taken apart it's seen better days
and as of right now these parts are
unobtainium because you know said like
plutonium oh yeah Tony um then in parts
for this car right because it just came
out it's a brand new car so parts are
definitely of a limiting factor for it I
mean there's a few for sale what you
have is yet to buy this car and then
you'd have to buy a second car to get
the parts off of it but the unfortunate
part is that because it's so few of
these cars in the road you'll be sitting
on those parts for a while you know the
next person that wrecks one they might
not necessarily be looking for parts
just yet I think as these cars get more
plentiful that might be the case but as
of right now you're gonna be in a hard
position so what I'm gonna try to do
again I'm gonna call State Farm
I'm gonna call Jake from State Farm to
see if I get the insurance report and
add up what a lot of these parts go for
this car it gives me the same feeling
that this car gave me many years ago
when when you first saw it tell some
other less how you were like wait a
minute they could actually make a cool
and a good-looking electric vehicle my
pants got tight our pants got tighter -
right
but like looking at this this
reinvigorates that same feeling that I
had before it feels like holy crap like
we're moving more towards the sport
oriented and good-looking v's because
honestly this is the best-looking
electric vehicle out right now I think
in my opinion I think I think classic
look I would say this is number two I
would say this is number one
with these wheels I would say this is
number one and this is number two but I
think when it's finished all done up
nice we've got those chintzy five spokes
that are two different calls that
Porsche has I think this is the
best-looking electric vehicle out right
now what do things better Steve on its a
tough morning - what else is out right
now everything else is just
is this the vaporware what other evie is
out right now that's that's that's even
close to one of these two cars and
gross is not out yet the roaches that
that that's cheating that's not fair
that's not gross sir it's a road sir
come on let's be real but this is really
nothing there's nothing like what car
can you go into the store right now and
buy that's better-looking than one of
these two cars obviously and not in this
condition there's nothing Steven
challenged means nothing
the Honda iconic well boys and girls I
hope you enjoyed this episode what do
you guys think about the car it's gonna
be up for bidding in about 30 days or so
should I bid on it and how much do you
think I should bid and maybe just maybe
there's something I already know about
this car that you don't and what's
actually going to happen to it maybe
it's already in my garage
who knows if you want more caution
arrogance follow me on instagram at
richie be kid and also shout out to ebay
motors for making this happen try them
out download the app in the description
box below and i will see you all soon